= About & Rambling
The iPhone level designer is a tool that allows you to drag and drop sprites into
their initial positions and to create level packs for simple games. It was built
around the sole purpose of importing sprite atlases created with this amazing
texture atlas tool: http://robertjpayne.com/textureatlascreator/

I've been using it for some unreleased apps over at http://www.appsbynick.com.
I also use it a ton as a live game whiteboarding tool that also happens to export
to json and lua, for for which I'm also going to release some level importers for
cocos2d objective-C and lua based frameworks.

Level generation has always been relatively painless, but there are some games
(puzzle, ping pong, pin ball, bumper pool) that are super annoying to setup. This
is a tool for games like that. Currently this generator does not support levels
that require parallax scrolling.

I'm not sure if I think of this as a level editor or a level designer. Either way
it's awesome.

= What it actually does
- Imports sprite atlases created with http://robertjpayne.com/textureatlascreator/
  that can be used that are saved into a sprite palette that you can drag and drop
  onto a little iphone and save out into levels that can later be loaded into games.
- supports z-indexes, where a z-index of 0 represents a hidden sprite.
- allows the creation of level packs, with each pack containing arbitrary levels
- supports loading of existing level packs
- can export level packs in json or lua
- supports giving tags to characters so they can be referenced later in code (ie player)
- supports landscape or portrait mode

= Compatability
This tool is known to work on recent versions of Safari and Firefox on extremely
high resolutions.

It was developed and optimized for OS X 10.5 and higher and should work nicely on the
default mac resolutions.

If you find things that don't work on certain browsers or platforms
then let me know about it. Even better, send me a patch!

= Installation
  git clone git@github.com:Abica/iphone-level-editor.git
  sudo gem install sinatra xml-simple json haml
  ruby iphone-level-editor/app.rb
